Update documentation with textual improvements (#1170)
asreview/asreview: docs/source/project_create.rst

Project details
---------------

Provide project details like name of the project (required), author(s) (for
example, the name of the screener), and a description. You can edit these
values later in the *Details* page.

Data
====

In Step 2, you import a dataset and select prior knowledge.

Add Dataset
-----------

Click on *Add* to select a dataset. The data needs to adhere to a

> :doc:`specific format<data>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`specific format <data>`.
```
```suggestion
:doc:`specific format<data>`.
```

Depending on the :ref:`Project mode <project_create:Project modes>`, you are
offered the following options for adding a dataset. Keep in mind that in Oracle
mode, your dataset is unlabeled or :ref:`data_labeled:Partially labeled data`. For Exploration and Simulation mode, you need :ref:`data_labeled:Fully labeled
data`.

.. tip::

    You will benefit most from what active learning has to offer with :ref:`data:High quality data`.

From File
~~~~~~~~~

Drag and drop your file or select your file. Click on *Save* on the top right.

From URL
~~~~~~~~

Use a link to a dataset on the Internet. For example, a link from this
`dataset repository
<https://github.com/asreview/systematic-review-datasets>`__. Click on *Save* on
the top right.

From Extension
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Oracle and Exploration only. Select a file available via an extension. Click
on *Save* on the top right.

Benchmark Datasets
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For Simulation and Exploration only. Select one of the
:ref:`data_labeled:benchmark datasets`. Click
on *Save* on the top right.

Select Prior Knowledge
----------------------

.. note::
  If you use :ref:`data_labeled:Partially labeled data` you can skip this step. 

> The first iteration of the active learning cycle requires traning data,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first iteration of the active learning cycle requires training data,
```

whether you want to stop searching prior knowledge. Click on *STOP* and
click *Next*.

If you are done, click *Close*.

Model
=====

In the next step of the setup, you can select the active learning model. The
default settings (Naïve Bayes, TF-IDF, Max) have fast and excellent
performance. Most users can skip this step and click *Next*. More information
about the active learning process can be found in the blog post `Active learning explained <https://asreview.nl/blog/active-learning-explained/>`_, 

Select model
------------

It is possible to change the settings of the Active learning model. There are
four settings that can be changed in the software: 

Feature extraction
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The feature extraction technique determines the method how text is translated
into a vector that can be used by the classifier. The default is TF-IDF (Term
Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency) from `SKLearn <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.feature_extraction.text.TfidfVectorizer.html>`_.
It works well in combination with Naive Bayes and other fast training models.

Another recommended option is Doc2Vec provided by the `gensim <https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/>`_

> package. Before starting ASReview LAB first intall gensim:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package. Before starting ASReview LAB, first, install *gensim*:
```

.. code:: bash

    pip install gensim

.. note::

>   It takes relatively long to create a feature matrix with Doc2Vec, but  this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It takes relatively long to create a feature matrix with Doc2Vec, but this
```

  only has to be done once. The upside of this method is that it takes context

>   into accound. Also, a benifit is the dimension-reduction that generally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  into account. Also, a benefit is the dimension-reduction that generally
```

  takes place, which makes the modeling quicker.

Several other feature extractors are available in the software (sentence Bert,
embedding IDF/LSTM) and more classifiers can be selected via the :doc:`API
<reference>`, or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model extensions`. 

Classifier
~~~~~~~~~~

> The classifier is the machine learning model used to compute the relevance
> scores. The default is Naive Bayes, though relatively simplistic, it seems to
> work quite well on a wide range of datasets. Several other classifiers are
> available in the software (logistic regression, random forest, SVM, LSTM,
> neural net) and more classifiers can be selected via the :doc:`API
> <reference>` or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model extensions`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The classifier is the machine learning model used to compute the relevance
scores. The default is Naive Bayes. Though relatively simplistic, it seems to
work quite well on a wide range of datasets. Several other classifiers are
available in the software (logistic regression, random forest, SVM, LSTM,
neural net) and more classifiers can be selected via the :doc:`API
<reference>` or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model extensions`. 
```

The neural nets require `tensorflow <https://www.tensorflow.org/>`_, use

.. code:: bash

    pip install tensorflow

> 
> 
> .. note::
> 
>   Neural nets (and LSTM) require a much larger training set (i.e., more prior knowledge) compared to the other classifiers.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: This is not a requirement, but impact on the performance.

Balancing Strategy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To decrease the class imbalance in the training data, the default is to
rebalance the training set by a technique called dynamic resampling (DR)

> (`Ferdinands et al., 2020 <https://doi.org/10.31219/osf.io/w6qbg>`_).  DR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`Ferdinands et al., 2020 <https://doi.org/10.31219/osf.io/w6qbg>`_). DR
```

> To decrease the class imbalance in the training data, the default is to
> rebalance the training set by a technique called dynamic resampling (DR)
> (`Ferdinands et al., 2020 <https://doi.org/10.31219/osf.io/w6qbg>`_).  DR
> undersamples the number of irrelevant records in the training data, whereas
> the number of relevant records are oversampled such that the size of the
> training data remains the same. The ratio between relevant and irrelevant
> records in the rebalanced training data is not fixed, but dynamically updated
> and depends on the number of records in the available training data, the total
> number of records in the dataset, and the ratio between relevant and
> irrelevant records in the available training data. No balancing or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To decrease the class imbalance in the training data, the default is to
rebalance the training set by a technique called dynamic resampling (DR)
(`Ferdinands et al., 2020 <https://doi.org/10.31219/osf.io/w6qbg>`_).  DR
undersamples the number of irrelevant records in the training data, whereas
the number of relevant records is oversampled such that the size of the
training data remains the same. The ratio between relevant and irrelevant
records in the rebalanced training data is not fixed, but dynamically updated
and depends on the number of records in the available training data, the total
number of records in the dataset, and the ratio between relevant and
irrelevant records in the available training data. No balancing or
```

undersampling are the other options. Other strategies can be selected via the
:doc:`API <reference>` or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model extensions`.

> Query Strategy
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> The query strategy determines which document is shown after the model has
> computed the relevance scores. The options are: maximum (certainty-based),
> uncertainty, random and clustering. When certainty-based is selected, the
> documents are shown in the order of relevance score. The document most likely
> to be relevant is shown first. When mixed is selected, the next document will
> be selected certainty-based 95% of the time, and uncertainty based or randomly
> chosen otherwise. When random is selected, documents are shown in a random
> order (ignoring the model output completely). Other strategies can be selected
> via the :doc:`API <reference>` or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model
> extensions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query Strategy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The query strategy determines which document is shown after the model has
computed the relevance scores. The options are: maximum (certainty-based),
uncertainty, random, and clustering. When certainty-based is selected, the
documents are shown in the order of relevance score. The document most likely
to be relevant is shown first. When mixed is selected, the next document will
be selected certainty-based 95% of the time, and uncertainty based or randomly
chosen otherwise. When random is selected, documents are shown in a random
order (ignoring the model output completely). Other strategies can be selected
via the :doc:`API <reference>` or added via an :ref:`extensions_dev:model
extensions`.
```

.. warning::

>   Selecting random means your review is not going to be accelerated by using ASReview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Selecting *random* means your review will not be accelerated by using ASReview.
```

> Model Swithcing 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model switching 
```

can be trained on the partly-labeled data, and the new predictions will be
based on the second model.

.. tip::

>   It is suggested to first screen with a simple active learning model (e.g.,
>   the defaults) untill you reach your stopping criteria, then switch to a
>   different model (e.g., doc2vec plus a neural net) and screen again untill
>   you reach your stopping criteria.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is suggested to screen with a simple active learning model (e.g.,
  the defaults) first until you reach your stopping criteria, then switch to a
  different model (e.g., doc2vec plus a neural net) and screen again until
  you reach your stopping criteria.

```

Warm up
=======

> In the last step of the setup, step 4, ASReview LAB runs the feature extracter
> and trains a model and ranks the records in your dataset. Depending on the
> model and the size of your dataset, this can take a couple of minutes (or even
> longer; you can enjoy the `animation video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-a2SCq-LtA>`_). After the project is successfully
> initialized, you can start reviewing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the last step of the setup, step 4, ASReview LAB runs the feature extractor
and trains a model, and ranks the records in your dataset. Depending on the
model and the size of your dataset, this can take a couple of minutes (or even
longer; you can enjoy the `animation video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-a2SCq-LtA>`_). After the project is successfully
initialized, you can start reviewing.
```
